README.md, before:

# Vitali: Vitalizing Patient Insights

### Project Summary
Vitali is a dashboard that visualizes real-time patient data into intuitive graphs and charts for both doctors and patients. Data is retrieved from the point of collection through the cloud server that automatically updates the dashboard after each collection.

### Features
- Integration with IoT data collection
- Real-time vital updates
- Interactive vital tracking visualizations
- Notification and alarm system

### Inspiration
In-home dialysis patients are tasked with recording their own data, which adds unneeded stress to an already stressful situation. Physicians are also unable to best serve their patients when the data they get is out of date the minute it reaches their hands.

### What it does
Vitali is a data visualization dashboard that provides real-time updates from IoT sensors in the patient's dialysis setup to the physicians in order to facilitate quicker response times and provide a sense of peace for the patients.

### How we built it
We build this prototype using React, a modern component-based front-end framework. We layered Material-UI on top to give a recognizable interface for patients and doctors to use.

### Challenges we ran into
In our limited time, we could not fully develop the server architecture that would provide the true connection to the IoT devices, but we have a plan to develop these pieces further.

### Accomplishments that we're proud of
Our charts and graphics update in real-time and our data is presented in a pleasant manner.

### What we learned
Through this project, we were able to empathize with the dialysis patients and make design choices that kept the patients' best interests at the center of the product.

### What's next for Vitali
Once the cloud server architecture is designed and developed, we will begin beta testing and eventually launch our product to in-home dialysis patients and clinics.

Commit message:

Add problem statement to README

README.md, after:

# Vitali: Vitalizing Patient Insights

### Project Summary
Vitali is a dashboard that visualizes real-time patient data into intuitive graphs and charts for both doctors and patients. Data is retrieved from the point of collection through the cloud server that automatically updates the dashboard after each collection.

### Problem Statement
We need a digital platform that collects and analyzes patient health metrics in real-time to decrease the delay between the point of data collection to the application of data.

### Features
- Integration with IoT data collection
- Real-time vital updates
- Interactive vital tracking visualizations
- Notification and alarm system

### Inspiration
In-home dialysis patients are tasked with recording their own data, which adds unneeded stress to an already stressful situation. Physicians are also unable to best serve their patients when the data they get is out of date the minute it reaches their hands.

### What it does
Vitali is a data visualization dashboard that provides real-time updates from IoT sensors in the patient's dialysis setup to the physicians in order to facilitate quicker response times and provide a sense of peace for the patients.

### How we built it
We build this prototype using React, a modern component-based front-end framework. We layered Material-UI on top to give a recognizable interface for patients and doctors to use.

### Challenges we ran into
In our limited time, we could not fully develop the server architecture that would provide the true connection to the IoT devices, but we have a plan to develop these pieces further.

### Accomplishments that we're proud of
Our charts and graphics update in real-time and our data is presented in a pleasant manner.

### What we learned
Through this project, we were able to empathize with the dialysis patients and make design choices that kept the patients' best interests at the center of the product.

### What's next for Vitali
Once the cloud server architecture is designed and developed, we will begin beta testing and eventually launch our product to in-home dialysis patients and clinics.
